Peace up, A-Town down! Yeah! Yeah! Usher, Usher... Lil Jon! Let's go! Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah What you doin' Yeah? Let's go! Up in the club with my homies, try'na get a little V-I Keep it down on the low key (Low key) You know how I feel (Hey!) I saw this shorty, she was lookin' at me From the game she was spitting in my ear You would think that she knew me (Uh) Decided to chill Conversation got heavy (Hey!) She had me feelin' like she's ready to blow (Watch out!) (Oh! Watch out!) She'm sayin', "Come get me" (Come get me) So I got up and followed her to the floor She said, "Baby, let's go" When I told her, I said Yeah! (Yeah!) Shorty got down, say come and get me Yeah! (Yeah!) I got so caught up, I forgot she was with me Yeah! (Yeah!) Her and my girl used to be the best of homies Yeah! (Yeah!) Next thing I knew, she was all upon me screaming Yeah! (Yeah!) Yeah! (Yeah!) Yeah! Yeah! (Yeah!) Yeah! (Yeah!) Yeah! What? What? What? What? She's all up in my head now Got me thinking that it might be a good idea to take her with me She's ready to leave (She's ready to leave) Now let's go! But I gotta keep it real now 'Cause on the one-to-ten she's a certified twenty That's just ain't me (Hey!) 'Cause I know if I take that chance Just where's it gonna lead? But what I do know Is the way she dance make shorty alright with me The way she slidin' (Low) I'm like, yeah, she's workin' that out for me She asked for one more dance and I'm like yeah How the hell am I supposed to leave and I say Yeah! (Yeah!) Shorty got down, say come and get me Yeah! (Yeah!) I got so caught up, I forgot she was with me Yeah! (Yeah!) Her and my girl used to be the best of homies Yeah! (Yeah!) Next thing I knew, she was all upon me screaming Yeah! (Yeah!) Yeah! (Yeah!) Yeah! Yeah! (Yeah!) Yeah! (Yeah!) Yeah! Hey! Luda! Watch out! My outfit ridiculous In the club lookin' so conspicuous And all these women all on the prowl If you hold the head steady, I'm'a melt the cow Forget about game, I'm'a spit the truth I won't stop till I get 'em in they birthday suit So give me the rhythm and I'll be off with they clothes Then bend over to the front and touch your toes I left the Jag and I took the Rolls If they ain't cutting, then I put 'em on foot patrol How you like me now? When my pinky's valued over 300,000 Let's drink, you the one to please Ludacris fill cups like double D's Me and Ursh once more and we leaves 'em there We want a lady in the street, but a freak in the bed, that say Yeah! (Yeah!) Shorty got down, say come and get me Yeah! (Yeah!) I got so caught up, I forgot she was with me Yeah! (Yeah!) Her and my girl used to be the best of homies Yeah! (Yeah!) Next thing I knew, she was all upon me screaming Yeah! (Yeah!) Yeah! (Yeah!) Yeah! Yeah! (Yeah!) Yeah! (Yeah!) Yeah! Take that, rewind it back Lil Jon got the beat that make your booty go Take that, rewind it back Usher got the voice that make your booty go Take that, rewind it back Ludacris got the flow that make your booty go Take that, rewind it back Lil Jon got the beat that make your booty go Now let me see you do the A-Town step Now do the A-Town step Now do the Muscle, do the Muscle, do the Muscle, do the Muscle Now do the Clap, hey, do the Clap, hey, do the Clap, hey, do the Clap, hey Now rock away, rock away, rock away, rock away And stop!
