Hey, yeah, I wanna shoop, baby Shoop Ooh, how you doin', baby? No, not you. You, the bowlegged one. Yeah. What's your name? Damn, baby, that sounds sexy. Here I go, here I go, here I go again Girls, what's my weakness? Men! Okay then, chillin', chillin', mindin' my business Yo, saw this brother lookin' at me, I couldn't believe this I swear, I stared, my knees got weak The brother had it goin' on with somethin' kind of... ooh, wicked, wicked, had to kick it I'm not shy so I asked for the digits Ah hope no flex, don't make me see what I want, slip slide to his whip, flip flexing my hip, so I dipped back to my bag of tricks, then I flipped forward, dip, man, you wanna do tricks? Well, lick 'em like a lollipop should be licked Came to my senses and I chilled for a bit Don't know how you do the voodoo that you do so well It's a spell, hell, makes me wanna shoop, shoop Shoop, shoop ba-doop Shoop ba-doop Shoop ba-doop ba-doop ba-doop Shoop ba-doop Shoop ba-doop Shoop ba-doop ba-doop ba-doop Um, you're packed and you're stacked, especially in the back Brother, wanna thank your mother for a butt like that Can I get some fries with that shake-shake booty? If looks could kill, you would be an Uzi Or a shotgun, bang! What's up with that thing? I wanna know, how does it hang? Straight up, wait up, hold up, Mr. Lover Like Prince said, "You're a sexy mother..." Well, I like 'em real wild, B-boy style Bound by the mile, smooth black skin with a smile Bright as the sun, I wanna have some fun Come and give me some of that yum-yum chocolate chip, honey dip Can I get a scoop? Baby, take a ride in my coupe You make me wanna... Shoop, shoop ba-doop Shoop ba-doop Hey yeah Don't you know I wanna shoop, baby? Shoop, shoop ba-doop Shoop ba-doop Shoop ba-doop ba-doop ba-doop Shoop ba-doop Shoop ba-doop Shoop ba-doop ba-doop ba-doop Well, let me bring it back to the subject, Pep's on the set Make you get hot, make you work up a sweat When you sip to my loo, my darling Not falling in love, but I'm falling for your... super, mm, when I get ya Bet you by a dollar, you'll be best under pressure Yo, Sandy, I wanna like taste ya Get ya, get your lips wet 'cause it's time to have Pep On your mark, get set, go, let me go, let me shoop To the next man in the three-piece suit I spend all my dough, Ray-Me cutie Shoop-shoop-a-doobie like Scooby-Dooby-Doo I love you in your big jeans You give me nice dreams, you make me wanna scream, ooh, ooh, ooh I like what you do when you do what you do What you do, you make me wanna shoop Shoop, shoop ba-doop Shoop ba-doop Shoop ba-doop ba-doop ba-doop Shoop ba-doop Shoop ba-doop Shoop ba-doop ba-doop ba-doop Oh my goodness! Girl, look! Damn, that's the cutest brother in here. And he's coming this way! Ooh! S-N-P wanna get with me, cool But I'm wicked J, it's skins whenever quick, like I hit the skins for the hell of it, just for the yell I get Mmm, mmm, mmm, for the smell of it They want my body, here's the hot rod 12 inches to a yard, have you soundin' like a... Big 12-lover, 6'2", wanna hit you So what you wanna do? What you wanna do? I wanna shoop Shoop, shoop ba-doop Shoop ba-doop Shoop ba-doop ba-doop ba-doop Shoop ba-doop Shoop ba-doop Shoop ba-doop ba-doop ba-doop Hey, yeah, I wanna shoop, baby. Shoop, shoop ba-doop Shoop ba-doop Hey, yeah, I wanna shoop, baby.
