Is Pharrell here? I don't know, ask Star Trak. Neptunes presents Pharrell? All right, it's cool. Yeah, man, look at you. Sexy. Okay, yeah, so sophisticated. Don't know what to do with you. Hey, yeah. Don't want to sound full of myself or rude, but you ain't lookin' at no other dudes, 'cause you love me. I'm so sorry, baby. So sexy. So you think about a chance, you find yourself tryin' to do my dance, maybe 'cause you love me. You do it well. So then we tried, thinkin' I'd slow down 'cause you ain't used to how fast we touched. Fast we touched. Then we liked it, and I knew I wasn't there and I was gon' get your ass up. I know that I'm carryin' on, never mind if I'm showin' off, I was just frontin'. You know I want you, babe, I'm ready to bet it all, unless you don't care at all. But you know I want you, you should stop frontin', babe. Tryna be the best girlfriend you can be, still you sneak a look at me, girl, I love it. Then you give your other girl a shove, tell her you gon' call and ask how it was, and she's gon' love it. Woah, yeah, yeah. So then we tried, thinkin' I'd slow down 'cause you ain't used to how fast we touched. Fast we touched. Then we liked it, and I knew I wasn't there and I was gon' get your ass up. I know that I'm carryin' on, never mind if I'm showin' off, I was just frontin'. You know I want you, babe, I'm ready to bet it all, unless you don't care at all. But you know I want you, you should stop frontin', babe. We got another one, Pharrell! Dance! I call you Pharrell 'cause you the real deal! Young, Gray Hova! Uh, dance, yeah. Let me talk to 'em, Pharrell. I'm'a keep it real. Every time your name was brought up I would act all nonchalant in front of the audience, like you was just another shorty I put the naughty on, but truth be told, you threw me for a loop, this HOV, I'm too old to be frontin' when I'm feelin', Denzel actin' like you ain't appealin' when you are, Stuntin' like you ain't my only girl when you are. I'm ready to stop when you are. I know that I'm carryin' on, never mind if I'm showin' off, I was just frontin'. You know I want you, babe, I'm ready to bet it all, unless you don't care at all. But you know I want you, you should stop frontin', babe. Come on! Ho! Dance! Dance! I like it, Pharrell! Thank you, baby. Yeah, you're leaving now? I'll see you later. I'm'a sneak through your window. All right.
