I like to play it. No dickity, no doubt. Play on, play it. Play on, play it. Yo, Dre, drop the verse. It's going down, fade to Blackstreet, the homies got at me, collab creations, bump like acne, no doubt I put it down, never slouch, as long as my credit can vouch, that dog couldn't catch me, say it out Tell me who can stop with Dre making moves, attracting honeys like a magnet, giving them eargasms with my mellow accent Still moving this flavor, with the homies Blackstreet and Teddy, the original roughshakers Shutting it down, good lord, baby got them open all over town Got game all the time Gettin' paid is a forte Each and every day True player way I can't get her out of my mind I think about the girl all the time East side to the west side Pushin' fat rides It's no surprise She got chicks in her stash Stackin' up the cash Fast when it comes to the gas By no means average It's on what she's got to have it Baby, you're a perfect ten I wanna get in Can I get down so I can I like the way you work it No diggity I got to bag it up I like the way you work it No diggity I got to bag it up I like the way you work it No diggity I got to bag it up I like the way you work it No diggity Shootin' knowledge by the pound Baby, never act wild Very low-key on the profile Catchin' feelings is a no Let me tell you how it goes Herbs the word, spins the verb Lovers hit curves so frequent Rollin' with the fatness You don't even know what the half is You've got to pay to play Just for shorty bang bang to look good I like the way you're working. Trump tank all day, every day. You're blowing my mind. Maybe in time, baby, I can get you in my ride. I like the way you work. Cause that's my peeps and we rose deep. Flying first class from New York City to Black Street. What you know about me? Not a thing. Cartier wooded frame sported by my shorty. As for me, icy gleaming pinky diamond ring. We bees, I just click up on this scene. Ain't you getting bored with these fake boards? How shows improves, no doubt. How they think is so. Please excuse if I come across rude. That's just me. And that's how a player's got to be. Stay kicking game with a capital G. Ask the People's on my block, I'm as real as can be Word is born, fakin' moves never been my thing So Teddy, pass the word to your biggin' Chauncey I'll be sendin' a call, let's say around 3.30 Queen pinnin' black shoes We out. We out. We out.
