She take my money when I'm in need. Yeah, she's a trifling friend indeed. Oh, she's a gold digger way over time that digs on me. Now, I ain't saying she a gold digger, but she ain't messing with no broke, broke. Now, I ain't saying she a gold digger, but she ain't messing with no broke, broke. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. with this girl, then you better be paid. You know why? Take too much to touch her. From what I heard, she got a baby, my buster. My best friend said she used to with Usher. I don't care what none of y'all say. I still love her. Now, I ain't saying she a gold digger. But she ain't messing with no broke, broke. Now, I ain't saying she a gold digger. But she ain't messing with no broke, broke. Get down, girl. Go ahead, get down. 18 years. She got one of your kids. Got you for 18 years. I know somebody paying child support for one of his kids. His baby mama car crib is bigger than his. You will see him on TV any given Sunday. Win a Super Bowl and drive off in a Hyundai. She was supposed to buy you shorty Tyco with your money. She went to the doctor, got Lyco with your money. She walk around looking like Michael. We want freedom. We want freedom. It's something that you need to have. And when she leave, she gonna leave with half. 18 years, 18 years. And on her 18th birthday, found out it wasn't his. Now I ain't saying she a golden. She ain't messing with no broke, broke. Now I ain't saying she a gold digger. She ain't messing with no broke, broke. Get down, girl, go ahead, get down. Get down, girl, go ahead, get down. Get down, girl, go ahead, get down. Get down, girl, go ahead. Now I ain't saying You a gold digger, you got knees You don't wanna do the smoke, but he came out You go out to eat, he can't pay, y'all can't leave His dishes in the back, you gotta roll up your sleeves But while y'all washin', watch him He gon' make it to a Benz out of that Datsun He got that ambition, baby Look at his eyes This week he mopping floors Next week it's the fries So stick by his side I know it's dude's ball And yeah that's nice And they gon' keep calling and trying But you stay right girl And when they get on They leave your ass for a white girl Get down girl, go ahead, get down Get down girl, go ahead, get down Get down girl, go ahead, get down Get down girl, go ahead Let me hear that back
