Your mom's is so poor, she went to McDonald's and put a shake on a layaway. Your mother's so old, she knew Central Park when it's just a plant. Your mom's hair's so nappy, she gotta take painkillers to comb her hair. Oh, yo, yo, yo, yo, later for that, man. Good evening, man. You, you got what I need, man. Don't touch, don't touch, don't touch. Oh, it's over that, baby? How about you, man? How about you? Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo. Forget them girls, man. Yo, I got a little story to tell you. have you ever met a girl that you tried to date but a year to make love she wanted you to wait let me tell you a story in my situation i was talking to this girl from the u.s nation the way that i met her was on tour that concert she had long hair and a short miniskirt i just got on stage dripping pouring with sweat I was walking through the crowd and guess who I met I whispered in her ear come to the picture booth so I can ask you some questions to see if you're 100 proof I asked her her name she said blah blah blah she had 9, 10 pairs and a very big bra I took a couple of flicks and she was enthused I said how do you like the show she said I was very amused I started throwing bitch she started throwing back mid range but when I sprung the question she acted kind of strange cause when I asked do you have a man she tried to She said, no, I don't. I only have a friend. Come on. I'm not even going for it. This is what I'm going to say. You, you got what I need. But you say he's just a friend. And you say he's just a friend. Oh, baby, you. Would you say he's just a friend? Would you say he's just a friend? So I took Blah Blah's word for it at this time I thought just having a friend couldn't be no crime Cause I have friends and that's a fact Like Agnes, Agatha, Jermaine and Jack Forget about that, let's go into the story About a girl named Blah Blah Blah that adored me So we started talking, getting familiar Spending a lot of time so we can build up relationships Or some understanding How it's gonna be in the future we was planning Everything sounded so dandy and sweet I had no idea I was in for a treat After this was established, everything was cool The tour was over and she went back to school I called every day to see how she was doing Every time that I called her, it seemed to me we were brewing I called the room a guy picked up and then I called again I said, yo, who is that? But you say he's just a friend. But you say he's just a friend. Oh baby, you got what I need. But you say he's just a friend. But you say he's just a friend. Oh baby, you got what I need. But you say he's just a friend. So I came to her college on a surprise visit To see my girl that was so exquisite It was a school day, I knew she was there The first semester of the school year I went to her gate to ask where was her dorm This guy made me fill out a visitor's form He told me where it was and I was on my way To see my baby doll I was happy to say I arrived in front of the dormitory. Yo, could you tell me where is door three? They showed me where it was for the moment. I didn't know I was in for such an event. So I came to a room and opened the door. Oh, snap. Guess what I saw? A fellow come kissing my girl in the mouth. I was so in shock, my heart went down south. So please listen to the message that I send. Don't ever talk to a girl who says she just has a friend. Has a friend.
