I wake up screaming from dreaming one day I'll wake up screaming from dreaming one day I'm the problem, it's me. At tea time, everybody agrees. I'll stare directly at the sun, but never in the mirror. It must be exhausting, always rooting for the anti-hero. Did you hear my covert narcissism? Like disguised as altruism Like some kind of congressman For this time I wake up screaming from dreaming One day I'll watch as you're leaving And life will lose all its meaning For the last time It's me, I, I'm the problem It's me and tea, time Everybody agrees I'll stare directly at the sun but never in the mirror It must be exhausting always rooting for the anti-hero I have this dream my daughter-in-law kills me for the money She thinks I left them in the will The family gathers around and reads it And then someone screams out She's laughing at the best He's laughing up at us from hell. What? What does it say? It's the worst. But who got the beach house? She's having it turned into a f***ing cat sanctuary. What? Cats don't even like the beach! What about the rest of the assets? I flew all the way here from Ibiza! To my children I leave. 13 cents. No! Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, you guys. There's probably a secret encoded message that means something else. Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's what mom would always do. P.S. There's no secret encoded message that means something else. Love, Taylor. Great, well, good job, Chad. You finally pushed it too far. What are you implying by that? I think she's implying that you haven't hesitated to trade on Mom's name. Excuse me? Um, and do you not remember your book, Growing Up Swift? And your stupid podcast, Life Comes at You Swiftly, which I'm pretty sure you're recording for on your phone right now. Chad, come on! Okay, well, why don't you go cry about it at the country club that you name-dropped Mom to get into, Preston? And, Kimber, you're literally wearing her clothes right now. No, I'm not. That's from the Fearless Tour 2009. Okay, well, you know what? We were very, very close, and I miss her. They were so close. Okay, I'm just gonna say it. I think she killed her. You've gone too far! Okay, Kimber was the last one with her! She didn't fall off that balcony! She was pushed! No! You missed her! It's me. I am the problem. It's me. It's me. I am the problem. It's me. It's me. I. Everybody agrees. Everybody agrees. It's me. I am the problem. It's me. I am the problem. It's me. Time. Everybody. Never in the mirror, it must be exhausting Always rooting for the anti-hero
