It's been a long time, I shouldn't have left you Without a strong rhyme to step to Think of how many weeks you've just slept through Time's up, I'm sorry I kept you Thinking of this, you keep repeating your myths The rhymes from the microphone soloist So you sit by the radio and on the dial soon As you hear it, pump up the volume Dance with the speaker till you hear it blow Then plug in a headphone, cause here we go It's a full letter word when it's heard in control Your body to dance So, dot text the tempo like a red alert. Reaches your reflex and let it work. When this is playing, you can't get stuck with the steps. So can say, and I'ma still come up with. I get to be swift, follow the leader. The rhyme will go deaf with the record that was mixed a long time ago. It could be done, but only I can do it. For those that can dance it, clap your hands to it. I start to think, and then I sink into the paper like I was inked. When I'm writing, I'm trapped in between the line. I escape when I finish the rhyme. I got soul. Thank you. Put your mic, just stay just empty. A beat like this might tempt me. To show my rings in my fat gold chain. Grab the mic like I'm on Soul Train. But I wink, cause I master this. Let the others go first so the brothers don't miss. Eric, we break the sticks. You got it! Rock Kim will begin when you make the mix I'll experiment like a scientist You wanna rhyme, you gotta sign my list Cause I'm a manifest and bless the mic I'll hold you on an X, then you gotta have soul Cause if you ain't got it, I'ma make an encore Take the mic, make the people respond for the awe Cause that's the way it'll have to be If you wanna get on after me Think about it, wait, erase your rhyme Forget it, and don't waste your time Cause I'll be in the crowd if you ain't controlling it Drop the mic, you shouldn't be holding it This is how it should be done This style is identical to none Some try to make it sound like this But you'll get me So upset that I'm wet cause you're sweating me I drip steam like a microphone theme Ego to MC is my theme I get hype when I hear drum roll Rock cameras on the mic And you know I got soul You got it You got it You got it That's why I came, to teach those who can't say my name. First of all, I'm the soloist, a soul betrower. Rockin' gets stronger as I get older. Constant elevation cause expansion. I write my rhymes while I cool in my mansion. Then put it on tape and in the city I test it. Then on the radio the R's requested. You listen to it, the concept might break you. Cause almost anyone can relate to Whoever's at a hand, I'ma give them handles Light them up, blow them out like candles Or should I just let them out To give them a hand so they can see how I felt I'm not bold just cause I rock gold Rock cameras on the mic And you know I got soul Soul, soul Now I'ma stop to see what you got. Get off the mic before I get too hot. I wanna see which posse can dance the best. It should be easy cause the beat is fresh. Now I feel from uptown, Brooklyn bound. The Bronx, Queens, and Long Island sound. Even other states come right and exact. It ain't where you're from, it's where you're at. Since you came here, you have to show and prove. And do that dance until it don't move. That's all you need is soul, self-esteem, and release. The rest is up to you. Rock him or say peace. You got it. You got it. You got it.
