When the pimps in the crib ma Drop it like it's hot Drop it like it's hot Drop it like it's hot When the pigs try to get at you Park it like it's hot Park it like it's hot Park it like it's hot And if a get a attitude Pop it like it's hot Pop it like it's hot Pop it like it's hot I got the rollie on my arm and I'm pouring Chandon and I'm full of best because I got it going on. I'm a nice dude with some nice dreams. See these ice cubes. See these ice creams. Eligible bachelor. Million dollar bow. That's whiter than what's in your throat. The phantom. Exterior like fish eggs. The interior like... You should think about it. Take a second. Matter of fact, you should take 4B and think before you pick a little skateboard B. When the pimp's in the crib, ma, drop it like it's hot, drop it like it's hot, drop it like it's hot. When the pigs try to get at you, park it like it's hot, park it like it's hot, park it like it's hot. And if a n***a get a attitude, pop it like it's hot, pop it like it's hot, pop it like it's hot. I got the rollie on my arm and I'm pouring Chandon and I'm full of best because I got it going on. I'm a gangster, but y'all knew that. The big boss dog. Yeah, I had to do that. I keep a flag hanging out my backside, but only on the left side. Yeah, that's the side. Ain't no other way to play the game the way I play. I cut so much you thought I was a DJ. Too much. One, yep, three. S-C-N-O-O-P-D-O-G-G. I can't fake it, just break it. And when I take it, see, I specialize in making all the girls get naked. So bring your friends. All of y'all come inside. We got a world premiere right here. Now get live. So don't change the bezel. Turn it up a little, I got a living room full of fine-dined brussels Waiting on the pistol, the dizzle, and the shizzle G's to the bizzak, now ladies, here we get some When the pimp's in the crib, ma, drop it like it's hot Drop it like it's hot, drop it like it's hot When the pigs try to get at you, park it like it's hot Park it like it's hot, park it like it's hot And if a n***a get an attitude, pop it like it's hot Pop it like it's hot, pop it like it's hot I got the Rulie on my arm and I'm pouring Chandon and I'm full of best because I got it going on. I'm a bad boy with a lot of . Drive my own cars and wear my own clothes. I hang out tough. I'm a real boss. Big Snoop Dogg, yeah, he's so sharp. On the TV screen and in the magazines. If you play me close, you going to . Oh, you got a , so you want to back . But now, stop that. Shoes, now I'm on the move Your family's crying, now you on the news They can't find you, and now they miss you Must I remind you, I'm only here to twist you Whip you, dip you, then flip you The dance to this music we too Subscribe, get your issue Baby come close, let me see how you get loose When the pimp's in the crib ma, drop it like it's hot Drop it like it's hot, drop it like it's hot When the pigs try to get at you, park it like it's hot Park it like it's hot, park it like it's hot And if a get a attitude, pop it like it's hot Pop it like it's hot, pop it like it's hot I got the rollie on my arm and I'm pouring Chandon And I'm the best, cause I got it going on
