Yeah. Come on. Hey, ladies. What's really good with you, fam? You not gonna let me in the club? Can't let you do it, man. You can't even drink my liquor. Yo, yo, yo. She looked at me and said, you's a baby, right? I told her, I'm 18 and live a crazy life. Plus, I tell you what the 80s like. And I know what the ladies like. Need a man that's polite, listens, and takes advice. I could be all three. Plus, I can lay the pipe. Come with me. Come stay the night. She looked at me laughing, like, boy, your game is tight. I'm laughing back, like, sure, you're right. Get in the car and don't touch nothing. Sit in the car. Let's discuss something. Lovin' on, see you tomorrow, now we speedin' up the west side Hand creepin' up on left side, I'm ready to do it, ready to boom Ready for dome, 55th exit, damn, damn, already we home Now let's get it on Hey ma, what's up, let's slide, alright, alright, we gon' get it, nah You smoke, I smoke, I drink, me too, we're good, cause we gon' get it Think about your knowledge so much Yo, let's live, alright, alright Now that I got a girl, my ex wanna holla and spit Told me to acknowledge her quick, she like, Kim, stop frontin' On that Dave Hosta tip, come over, let's smile and sip I'm like, mama and sick, I promise you thick Usually have a problem with chicks They all say I'm rotten and rich, but not her boobies real High heel to be feel Plus got them Gucci nails, huh You a cutie still And this my down girl too, ain't no groupie deal We left the movies with Uzi, Suzuki wheels To the Jacuzzi, I tell you my boobies real I mean she do be winning, Louis spinning Go to the crib, she got the Gucci linen I see boobie grinning, she lick the set cam I know that you be sinning, nah I'm a changed man, look at the range, man I got a whole new game plan Looked and said, that's nothing but game cam She was right, she was up in the range, man Dropped her off at the L, now I'm flippin' the cell That's right, I had to call up Elle Yo, Elle, I hit, plus don't And we got it on the nine
