Shake that thing, miss, canna, canna shake that thing, miss, I'm a better shake that thing, yeah, da-na-da-da, Jody and Rebecca, oh man, get busy, just shake that booty non-stop, when the beat drop, just keep singing it, get jiggy, get drunk, stop working late, anything you want, forget it, hustle it, If I don't take pity Obviously you get life from the rhythm of my ride And my lyrics are for bad electricity Girl, nobody can do you nothing Cause you don't know your destiny Y'all sexy ladies won't part with us You know they care with us, they're not wild with us You know the club, they won't flex with us To get next with us, they're not vexed with us From the day my bond's ignited my flame Girl, I called my name and it's hit my fame It's all good, girl, turn me on Till the early morning, let's get it on Let's get it on till the early morning Girl, it's all good, just turn me on, girl, close with it Don't get agitated, girl, go and rotate Got anything you want, you know you must get it Come in here, my mention, don't ease the tension Girl, run the program, just go up with it Now, have a good time, girl, free up all your mind Cause nobody can, it's your man, wow, let it Cause you are the number one gal, we have your arm at them city wedding bun, yo Sexy ladies want power with us, inna the car with us, them now war with us Inna the club, them want flex with us, to get next to us, them now vex with us From the day my band died, now I'm a flame, gal I call my name, and it is my fame It's a good girl, turn me on, till I earn them all, let's get it on, let's get it on It's all good, just turn me on, I won't get busy Just shade that morning and stop when the beat drop Just get slingin' it, get jiggy Get drunk, stop, percolate anything you want For God is oscillating, if I don't take pity I want to see you get life when the rhythm is a ride And my lyrics are for bad electricity Y'all know about it, y'all tell you nothing Cause you don't know your destiny Y'all sexy ladies, what's wrong with us? Stop banging on the damn furnace! You hear me now? This is the last time! Well, let's get it on till early morning It's all good, just turn me on Yo, shake that thing, miss Can I, can I shake that thing, yo? Annabella, shake that thing, miss Donna, Donna, yo, miss Jodie and the one named Rebecca, yo Shake that thing, yo, yo, and I'll shake that thing, yo Annabella, shake that thing, miss Can I, can I touch the air, hey, yo? When we go sightseeing, sexy ladies won't fight with us You know they care with us, they're not worried with us Inna di club, dem won't flex with us We get next to us, dem not vex with us From the day my band took not my flame Girl, I called my name and it is my fame It's all good, girl, turn me on Till I earn the money, let's get it on Let's get it on, till I earn the money Girl, it's all good, just turn me on Yo, sexy ladies won't walk with us Inna di car with us, dem not walk with us Inna the club, they wanna flex with us They get next with us, they're not vexed with us From the day we're born, tight like my flame Yeah, I call my name, yo, it is my fame It's all good, girl, turn me on Till I hurl them on, let's get it on Let's get it on, till I hurl them on Yo, light up the place up for the red Sean Paul Summer goes on then String it up, light up the place, more fire Hey, right now, we have a brand new Sean Paul All the red Sean Paul, light it up Yo, light it up, more fire, more fire Need a lot of cheese up in my ass Had a lot of Denzel in my bed to run that real ass I warned you about the banging of the furnace, but you wouldn't listen. The party's done. Get the hell out of my house. Out. Out now.
