What, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, Only got $20 in my pocket I'm huntin', lookin' for a comer This is fucking awesome Now, walk into the club like, what up, I got a big cock I'm just pumped, I bought some shit from a thrift shop Ice on the fringe, it's so damn frosty The people like, damn, that's a cold-ass honky Rollin' in hella deep, headed to the mezzanine Dressed in all pink, set my gator shoes, those are green Drinkin' a leopard mink, girl standin' next to me Probably should've washed this, smells like R. Kelly sheets Piss But shit, it was 99 cents. Bargain coppin' it, washin' it. Bout to go and get some compliments. Passin' up on those moccasins someone else has been walkin' in. But me and grudgy fuckin' men, I am stunting and flossin' and savin' my money. And I'm hella happy that's a bargain, bitch. I'ma take it grandpa style. I'ma take it grandpa style. No, for real. Ask your grandpa, can I have his hand me down? The Lord jumpsuit and some house slippers. Dookie brown leather jacket that I found. broken keyboard. I bought a ski blanket, then I bought a kneeboard. Hello, hello, my ace man, my Mella. John Wayne ain't got nothing on my fringe game, hell no. I could take some pro wings, make them cool, sell those, and sneak ahead to be like, ah, he got the Velcro. I'm gonna pop some tags, only got $20 in my pocket. I'm hunting, looking for a comer. This is fucking Only got $20 in my pocket I'm huntin', lookin' for a comer This is fucking awesome What you know about rockin' a wolf on your noggin'? What you knowin' about wearin' a fur foxskin? I'm diggin', I'm diggin', I'm searchin' right through that luggage One man's trash, that's another man's comer Thank your granddad for donatin' that plaid button-up shirt Cause right now I'm up in her Sturnton I'm at the Goodwill, you can find me in the X I'm not, I'm not stuck on searching in the section at times Your grandma, your auntie, your mama, your mammy I'll take those flannel zebra jammies secondhand and rock that motherfucker The built-in onesie with the socks on that motherfucker I hit the party and they stop in that motherfucker They be like, oh, that Gucci, that cello tight I'm like, yo, that's $50 for a t-shirt Limited edition, let's do some simple addition $50 for a t-shirt, that's just some ignorant bitch shit I call that getting swindled and pimped shit I call that getting tricked by business, that's sure hella dope And having the same one as six other people in this club is a hella dope Peep game, come take a look through my telescope Tryna get girls from a brand, man you hella won't Man you hella won't Goodwill, Poppin' Tide, yeah I'm gon' Twenty dollars in my pocket I'm huntin', lookin' for a comer This is fucking awesome I'll wear your granddad's clothes I look incredible I'm in this big ass coat From that thrift shop down the road I'll wear your granddad's clothes I look incredible I'm in this big ass coat From that thrift shop down the road I'm gonna pop some Is that your grandma's coat?
