Man, don't do it. I'm telling you, don't do it. Don't do it. Why is he dressed like Rowdy Piper? I got Scottish in my family. Scottish? Come on, man. So who's your bridesmaid? Come on, man. Support me. Support me. Come on, now. When a man is ready, he ready. When y'all get 80, 70, 60, 55 years old, and y'all going to be sitting in the rocking chair by yourself, tell me, ah, let's go to the club. Let's go to the club. Y'all going to be the only old in the club. Seriously, Dre, I'm playing aside, man. Why get married, Pippen? Why? so i typed a text to a girl i used to see saying that i chose this cutie pie with whom i want to be and i apologize if this message gets you down then i cc'd every girl that i'd cc round town and hate to see y'all frown but i'd rather see her smiling witness all around me true but i'm no island peninsula maybe makes no sense i know crazy give up all this that's in my lap, no looking back. Spaceships don't come equipped with rear view mirrors. They dip as quick as they can. The atmosphere is now ripped. I'm so like a pimp. I'm glad it's night. So the light from the sun would not burn me on my bum when I shoot the moon. I jump the broom like a preemie out the womb. My partner yelling too soon. Don't do it. Reconsider. Read some literature on the subject. You sure? You know we got your back like chiropractic. If that do you dirty, we'll wipe out salt as in detergent. Now hurry, hurry, go on to the altar. I know you ain't a pimp, but pimp, remember what I taught you. Keep your heart, three stacks. Keep your heart. Hey, keep your heart, three stacks. Keep your heart. Man, these girls are smart. Three stacks, these girls are smart. Play your part. Play your part. Sweet Jones. To choose it, lover, never without a rub. compressor. Top notch, get the most, not the lesser. Trash like the for $40 in the club. Up the game, she gets no love. She be cross country, giving all that she got. A thousand a pop, I'm pulling villains off the lot. I smashed up the grade one, bought me a red. Every time we hit the parking lot, return head. Some wanna choose, but them is too scary. If you chose me, you ain't a pimp, you a A woman that ain't my style need a real street stalker. Stalker, stalker, stalker. Mile, mile. Be piling up the paper on the dining room table. Because you able to realize I'm the truth and not a fable. Baby, we rock and rush and sable. Keep that chiller on the rack. But I look like it's $1,000 for my back. I'm a million dollar mech that need a billion dollar. Put my pimpin' in your life. Watch your daddy get rich. Easy as ABC. Simple as 1, 2, 3. Get down with UGK. Pimp CBU with BP. Don't be a lame, you know the game and how it goes. We try to get chose. Any many decisions with precision. I pick or make my selection on who I choose to be with. Girl, don't touch my protection. I know you won't let to slip, but slipping is something I don't do. Tipping for life. That's like making it rain every month on schedule. Let me tell you, get your parasol umbrella, cause it's gonna get wetter. Better prepare you for the sea support. She's supposed to spend it on that baby, but we see she don't. Ass, ass, Paul McCartney. The lawyers couldn't stop. Slow the, slow the other pockets. Had to tie to a rock. Send her into outer space. I know he wish he could, cause he paying 20K a day. See? Like an infant on the double D. Just getting clumped because you miscalculated the next to the last. Dump, dump in the gut from the giddy up. Better choose the right one or pick, pick the kiddies up.
