I remember you was conflicted, misusing your influence. Sometimes I did the same. Abusing my power full of resentment. Resentment that turned into a deep depression. Found myself screaming in the hotel room. Lucifer was all around me. So I kept running. Until I found my safe haven. I was trying to convince myself the stripes I got. Making myself realize what my foundation was. In the room, and I run. But while my loved ones was fighting a continuous war back in the city, I was entering a new one. A war that was based on apartheid and discrimination. Tell me who the bitch nigga hating on me jumping on my dick, but Ripper butterfly another classic CD Get a lullaby for everyone they emcee N***a not R.I.P. My diligence is only meant to write your eulogy All's my life I has to fight, nigga All's my life, ah Hard times like yah Bad trips like yah Nazareth, I'm fucked up, homie, you fucked up But if God got us, then we gon' be alright Nigga, we gon' be alright Nigga, we gon' be alright We gon' be alright Do you hear me? Do you feel me? We gon' be alright Nigga, we gon' be alright And when I wake up, I recognize you're looking at me for the pay cut Bahamasabi looking at you from the face down One Mac 11 even ruined with the bass down Skimming, now let me tell you about my life Painkillers only put me in a twilight Where pretty pussy and Benjamin is the highlight Now tell my mama I love her but this what I like Lord knows, 20 of them in my Chevy Tell them all to come and get me, reaping everything I sow I'm a motherfuckin' gangsta in silence for the record Tell the world I know it's too late Poison girls, I think I've gone crazy Drown inside my vices all day Won't you please believe when I say Wouldn't you know, we been hurt, been down before Nigga, when our pride was low Lookin' at the world like, where do we go? Nigga, and we hate pro-poor Wanna kill us dead in the street for sure Nigga, I'm at the preacher's door My knees gettin' weak and my gun might blow But we gon' be alright Nigga we gon' be alright Nigga we gon' be alright We gon' be alright Do you hear me? Do you feel me? We gon' be alright Nigga we gon' be alright You feel me? We gon' be alright What you want? You a house? You a car? Forty acres and a mule? A piano? A guitar? Anything? See, my name is Lucy, I'm your dog Motherfucker, you can live at the mall I can see the evil, I can tell it I know it's illegal, I don't think about it I deposit every other zero Thinkin' of my partner, put the candy painted on a regal Diggin' in my pocket, ain't a profit Big enough to feed you every day My logic, get another dollar Just to keep you in the presence of your chico I don't talk about it, be about it, every day a sequel If I got it, then you know you got it, heaven, I can reach you Pet dog, pet dog, pet dog, my dog, that's all Pick back and chat, I trap the back for y'all I rap, I black on track, so rest assured My rights, my wrongs, I write till I'm right with God When you know, we been hurt, been down before Nigga, when our pride was low Lookin' at the world like, where do we go? Nigga, and we hate po-po Want to kill us dead in the street for sure Nigga, I'm at the preacher's door My knees gettin' weak and my gun might blow But we gon' We gon' be alright Nigga, we gon' be alright Nigga, we gon' be alright We gon' be alright Do you hear me? Do you feel me? We gon' be alright Nigga, we gon' be alright I remember you was conflicted Misusing your influence Sometimes I did the same Abusing my power full of resentment Resentment that turned into a deep depression Found myself screaming in the hotel room I didn't want to self-destruct. The evils of Lucy was all around me. So I went running for answers.
