I hopped off the plane at LAX with a dream and my cardigan Welcome to the land of fame excess, am I gonna fit in? Jumped in the cab, here I am for the first time Look to my right and I see the Hollywood sign This is all so crazy, everybody seems so famous My tummy's turnin' and I'm feelin' kinda home sick Too much pressure and I'm nervous That's when the taxi man turned on the radio And a Jay-Z song was on, and a Jay-Z song was on, and a Jay-Z song was on So I put my hands up, they're playin' my song, the butterflies fly away Noddin' my head like, yeah, movin' my hips like, yeah Got my hands up, they're playin' my song, I know I'm gonna be okay Yeah, it's a party in the U.S.A. Yeah, it's a party in the U.S.A. Get to the club in my taxi cab, everybody's lookin' at me now Like, "Who's that chick that's rockin' kicks? She gotta be from out of town" So hard with my girls not around me It's definitely not a Nashville party 'Cause all I see are stilettos, I guess I never got the memo My tummy's turnin' and I'm feelin' kinda home sick Too much pressure and I'm nervous That's when the DJ dropped my favorite tune And a Britney song was on, and a Britney song was on, and a Britney song was on So I put my hands up, they're playin' my song, the butterflies fly away Noddin' my head like, yeah, movin' my hips like, yeah Got my hands up, they're playin' my song, I know I'm gonna be okay Yeah, it's a party in the U.S.A. Yeah, it's a party in the U.S.A. Feel like hoppin' on a flight Back to my hometown tonight Something stops me every time The DJ plays my song and I feel alright So I put my hands up, they're playin' my song, the butterflies fly away Noddin' my head like, yeah, movin' my hips like, yeah Got my hands up, they're playin' my song, I know I'm gonna be okay Yeah, it's a party in the U.S.A. Yeah, it's a party in the U.S.A. So I put my hands up, they're playin' my song, the butterflies fly away Noddin' my head like, yeah, movin' my hips like, yeah Got my hands up, they're playin' my song, I know I'm gonna be okay Yeah, it's a party in the U.S.A. Yeah, it's a party in the U.S.A.
