Lost in a dream, I don't know which way to go. Let me tell you, if you are all that you seem... The minute I'm moving, moving way too slow. I've been fooled before, wouldn't like to get my love caught in the slamming door. How about some information, please? Straight up, now tell me, do you really wanna love me forever? Oh oh oh. Or am I caught in a hit and run? Straight up, now tell me, is it gonna be you and me together? Oh oh oh. Or are you just having fun? Time's standing still, waiting for some, waiting for some small clue. Let me tell you, I keep getting chills whenever I think your love, whenever I think your love is true. I've been fooled before, wouldn't like to get my love caught in the slamming door. How about some information, please? Straight up, now tell me, do you really wanna love me forever? Oh oh oh. Or am I caught in a hit and run? Straight up, now tell me, is it gonna be you and me together? Oh oh oh. Or are you just having fun? You are so hard to read, you play hide and seek with your true intentions. If you're only playing games, I'll just have to say... Ah ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba. Do do you love me? Do do you love me? Oh now, do do you love me? Do do you love me? Oh tell me, baby. I've been fooled before, wouldn't like to get my love caught in the slamming door. Are you more than hot for me, or am I a page in your history? Oh, I don't mean to make demands, but the words and the deeds go hand in hand. How about some information, please please? Oh please, please... Straight up, now tell me. Tell me. Straight up, now tell me. Tell me. Straight up, now tell me. Tell me. Straight up, now tell me. Straight up, now tell me. Straight up, now tell me, do you really wanna love me forever? Oh oh oh. Or am I caught in a hit and run? Straight up, now tell me, is it gonna be you and me together? Oh oh oh. Or are you just having fun? Straight up, now tell me, do you really wanna love me forever? Oh oh oh. Or am I caught in a hit and run? Straight up, now tell me, is it gonna be you and me together? Oh oh oh. Or are you just having fun? Straight up, now tell me, do you really wanna love me forever?
