What up, dog? What up, dog? Cee Cee! Cee Cee! Jazze Pha's on the phone! Hello? Hey, Cee Cee! What up? We going to the car wash tonight, baby. We going to get blinged up. All right, I'm gonna see you up there. Sho 'nuff. Hey, hey. Make sure you stay out of my room. Bye! My goodies, my goodies, my goodies, not my goodies I got a sick reputation for handling broads All I need is me a few seconds or more, then it's a wrap Tell the lady to bring my lap, and I ain't comin' back So you can put the car right there I'm the truth, I ain't got nothing to prove And you can ask anybody, 'cause they seen me do it Barricades, I run right through 'em, I'm used to 'em Throw all the dirt you want, it's no use You still won't have a pin-up in a fabulous room I'm back, picking out a basket of fruit I love you, girl Yeah, Freaky Petey love you too, haha You know how I do You looking at me and think that I'm Just a young girl, but I'm not Just a young baby, this is what I'm looking for Sexy, independent, got his own spending, stacked that's getting dough Not being too dramatic, that's the way I got to have it I bet you want the goodies Bet you thought about it Got you all hot and bothered Make guys talk about it Looking for the goodies Keep on looking 'cause they stay in the jar Oh, oh, oh, yeah Just because you drive a Benz I'm not going home with you You won't get no nookie Here's the cookies, I'm no rookie Sexy, independent, I ain't waiting, so you already know Not being too dramatic, that's the way I got to have it Whoa, make you wait, try to hit, but I'm not I'm not being too dramatic, it's just how I got to have it I bet you want the goodies Bet you thought about it Got you all hot and bothered Make guys talk about it Looking for the goodies Keep on looking 'cause they stay in the jar Oh, oh, oh, yeah So damn hot, so young Still got me giving you talk, slow down, lil' one We ain't got long Hey shorty, you look ready You think you bad, but you ain't bad I'll show you what bad is Bad is when you capable of beating the baddest I've been working at it ever since I came to this planet I ain't quite there yet, but I'm getting better at it Matter of fact, let me tell it to you one more again All I got to do is tell a girl who I am Ain't no chick in here that I can't have Badaboom, badabam, bam-bam You're insulting, you waiting that I'm hot But these goodies, boy, are not Just for any of the many men that's trying to get on top No, you can't call me later And I don't want your number I'm not changing stories, just respect the play I'm calling I bet you want the goodies Bet you thought about it Got you all hot and bothered Make guys talk about it Looking for the goodies Keep on looking 'cause they stay in the jar Oh, oh, oh, yeah Uh, yeah Uh, yeah Uh, yeah Uh, yeah
