Big pimpin', baby That's right Big pimpin', spendin' cheese Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah You know I thug 'em, hug 'em, love 'em, leave 'em 'Cause I don't trust 'em Take 'em out the hood, keep 'em lookin' good With diamond cuffs, got to freeze 'em First time they fuss, I'm reasonin' Talkin' 'bout, "What's the reason?" I'm a pimp in every sense of the word, bitch, mind Better trust and believe 'em In the cut where I keep 'em 'Til I need a nut, 'til I need to beat it up Then it's "Beep-beep", gotta pick 'em up Now I'm playin' with 'em, quick in the truck Many chicks wanna put Jigga in fist cuffs Divorce him and split his bucks Just because you got good sex, I'mma break bread So you could be livin' it up? Naw, pause with nothing, y'all be frontin' Me give my heart to a woman? Not for nothin', never happen I'll be forever mackin' Heart cold as assassins I got no passion I got no patience And I hate waitin' Hoe, get your ass in here That's right Check 'em out now That's right Check 'em out now Yeah, we doin' big pimpin' We spendin' cheese Check 'em out now Big pimpin' on B.L.A.T. We doin' big pimpin' up in NYC It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C, and B-U-N B Yo, yo, yo Big pimpin', spendin' cheese We doin' big pimpin' on B.L.A.T. We doin' big pimpin' up in NYC It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C, and B-U-N B You know I: Big Southern rap impressionist, Rosario Comin' straight up out the black barrio Makes a mill' off a scenario Now sit back and peep my scenario Oops, my bad, that's my scenario No, I can't fucking scare ya, boy Every time, everywhere, every place we go Point and say "There he go!" Now, you know we can't remote in a little bit We don't pull it out And if you catch a lick when us big, then it won't be a little hit Go read a book, you illiterate, turn up the heat, turn up your vocab Don't be surprised with me and you see us coming down on your slab Livin' that toe-fab, it's so magic, you just can't take it But you hatin' and you wait while I get your bitch butt naked Just break it, you gotta pay like you weight, wet with two pairs of clothes on Now get attached to the back of the track, Timbaland, let me spit my prose on Post it up in the prose zone That's the track that we break in these zones Ain't the track that we flows on? That hype big star pop up like ozone We keep it on front like... We really don't get no bigger, man Don't trip, let's sip, getting throwed on the flip, getting blowed Jigga Man, we be big pimpin', spendin' cheese We be big pimpin' on B.L.A.T. We be big pimpin' down in P.A.T. It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C, and B-U-N B 'Cause we be big pimpin', spendin' cheese And we be big pimpin' on B.L.A.T. 'Cause we be big pimpin' in P.A.T. It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C, and B-U-N B Smoking height, blowin' up, keep it lean up in my cup All my cars got leather wood, in my hood, they call it buck Everybody wanna ball, holler loud at the mall You be up watching fall Y'all, if I wasn't rappin', baby, I would still be ridin' Mercedes Comin' down and sippin' daily, no wrap on white pavement Huh, now what y'all know about the Texas boys Comin' down in candy toys, smoking... We be big pimpin', spendin' cheese We be big pimpin' on B.L.A.T. We be big pimpin' down in P.A.T. It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C, and B-U-N B 'Cause we be big pimpin', spendin' cheese And we be big pimpin' on B.L.A.T. 'Cause we be big pimpin' in P.A.T. It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C, and B-U-N B On the canopy, my stamina be enough for Pamela Anderson Lee Made my money too long to gamble with me, but I'm still sittin' on blades, hittin' that bay Sittin' on the corner of my block hustlin' Gettin' double what I paid Gettin' it right through customs, it'll sell by the night It's extra white Look, I got so many damn... Find out and you're in jail for life But I'm still big pimpin', spendin' cheese with Bun B, Pimp C, and Timbaland We got chicks in the back of the truck, laughin' it up Jigga Man, that's what's up We be big pimpin', spendin' cheese We be big pimpin' on B.L.A.T. We be big pimpin' down in P.A.T. It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C, and B-U-N B 'Cause we be big pimpin', spendin' cheese And we be big pimpin' on B.L.A.T. 'Cause we be big pimpin' in P.A.T. It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C, and B-U-N B
