Get in really close. Aw, super kawaii. When? Uh-huh, this my shit. All the girls stamp your feet like this. Few times I've been around that track, so it's not gonna happen like that 'Cause I ain't no hollaback girl, I ain't no hollaback girl. Few times I've been around that track, so it's not gonna happen like that 'Cause I ain't no hollaback girl, I ain't no hollaback girl. This my shit. This my shit. This my shit. This my shit. I heard that you were talking shit and you didn't think that I would hear it. Hear you talking like that, getting everybody fired up. So I'm ready to attack, gonna lead the pack, gonna get a touchdown, gonna take you out. That's right, put your pom-poms down, getting everybody fired up. Few times I've been around that track, so it's not gonna happen like that 'Cause I ain't no hollaback girl, I ain't no hollaback girl. Few times I've been around that track, so it's not gonna happen like that 'Cause I ain't no hollaback girl, I ain't no hollaback girl. This my shit. This my shit. This my shit. This my shit. So that's right, dude, meet me at the bleachers, the principal's known to student teachers. Both of us wanna be the winner, but there can only be one. So I'm gonna fight, gonna give it my all, gonna make you fall, gonna soak it to you. That's right, I'm the last one standing, another one bites the dust. Few times I've been around that track, so it's not gonna happen like that 'Cause I ain't no hollaback girl, I ain't no hollaback girl. Few times I've been around that track, so it's not gonna happen like that 'Cause I ain't no hollaback girl, I ain't no hollaback girl. This my shit. This my shit. This my shit. This my shit. Let me hear you say, this shit is bananas, B-A-N-A-N-A-S. This shit is bananas, B-A-N-A-N-A-S. This shit is bananas, B-A-N-A-N-A-S. This shit is bananas, B-A-N-A-N-A-S. Few times I've been around that track, so it's not gonna happen like that 'Cause I ain't no hollaback girl, I ain't no hollaback girl. Few times I've been around that track, so it's not gonna happen like that 'Cause I ain't no hollaback girl, I ain't no hollaback girl. This my shit. This my shit. This my shit. This my shit.
