Turn off. Nope. Didn't think so. How you doing, young lady? The feeling that you giving really drives me crazy. You don't play about a show, I was at a loss for words first time that we spoke. You're looking for a girl that'll treat you right. You're looking for in the daytime with a light. Might be the type if I play my cards right. Now I'll find out by the end of the night. You expect me to just let you hit it, but will you still respect me if you get it? All I can do is try, give me one chance. The problem, I don't see no ring on your hand. I'll be the first to admit, I'm curious about you, you seem so innocent. You wanna get in my world, get lost in it. But I'm tired of running, let's walk for a minute. Oh Miss Cute, it's girl, wherever you are, I'm all alone, and it's you that I want. Oh Miss Cute, it's boy, you already know that I'm all yours, what you waiting for? Oh Miss Cute, it's girl, you tease me, you know what I want, and I got what you need. Oh Miss Cute, it's boy, let's get to the point, 'cause we all know you're standard. Roses are red, some diamonds are blue. Chivalry is dead, but you're still kind of cute. Hey, I can't keep my mind off you. Where you at? Do you mind if I come through? I'm out of this world, come with me to my planet. At your on my level, do you think that you can handle it? They call me Thomas, last name Crown. Recognize game, I'm a lay mine down. I'm a big girl, I can handle myself. But if I get lonely, I might need your help. Pay attention to me, I don't talk for my health. I want you on my team. So does everybody else. Baby, we can keep it on the low. Let your guard down, ain't nobody got to know. If you're with it girl, I know a place we can go. What kind of girl do you take me for? Oh Miss Cute, it's girl, wherever you are, I'm all alone, and it's you that I want. Oh Miss Cute, it's boy, I'm calling your name, 'cause you're driving me crazy the way you make your move. Oh Miss Cute, it's girl, you tease me, you know what I want, and I got what you need. Oh Miss Cute, it's boy, you're one and the same, so we don't got to play games no more. Nigga don't be mad, don't hate me. Nigga don't get mad, don't be mean. Hey, don't be mad, don't get mean. Nigga don't get mad, don't be mean. Wait. I don't mean no harm, I can see you with my t-shirt on. I can see you with nothing on, feeling on me before we bring that on. Bring that on, you know what I mean. Girl, I'm a freaky son of a say-no-thing. I'm only trying to get inside of your brain, to see if you're gonna work it the way you say. It's okay, it's alright. I got something that you gonna like. You're music, the truth or are you talking trash? You game MVP like Steve Nash. Oh Miss Cute, it's girl, wherever you are, I'm all alone, and it's you that I want. Oh Miss Cute, it's boy, I'm calling your name, 'cause you're driving me crazy the way you make your move. Oh Miss Cute, it's girl, you tease me, you know what I want, and I got what you need. Oh Miss Cute, it's boy, you're one and the same, so we don't got to play games no more. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
