Why do all the monsters come out at night? Why do we sleep where we want to hide? Why do I run back to you like I don't mind if you fuck up my life? Another day, another headache In this hangover hotel Getting used to the rhythm Yeah, I know this beat too well Tunnel vision, got me feeling like you're the only one I see But I know what's missing, world is swimming in my lonely luxury I'm wondering why do all the monsters come out at night? Why do we sleep where we want to hide? Why do I run back to you like I don't mind if you fuck up my life? Why am I a sucker for all your lies? Strung out like laundry on every line Why do I come back to you like I don't mind if you fuck up my life? I'm addicted to the way you hurt, the way you contradict me I swear everything looks worse at night, I think I'm overthinking And I don't care who I might hurt along the way, I'm fucking sinking Into every word, I don't care if you're lying when I'm drinking, so Tell me pretty lies, look me in my face Tell me that you love me, even if it's fake You can lead me on and leave these questions in my sheets, I'm under it I made my bed and I'm still wondering I'm wondering why do all the monsters come out at night? Why do we sleep where we want to hide? Why do I run back to you like I don't mind if you fuck up my life? Why am I a sucker for all your lies? Strung out like laundry on every line Why do I come back to you like I don't mind if you fuck up my life? Thinking about you, you're in my head Even without you, I still feel dead Why do I run back to you like I don't mind if you fuck up my life? Dead, thinking about you, you're in my head Even without you, I still feel dead Why do I run back to you like I don't mind if you fuck up my life? I'm wondering why do all the monsters come out at night? Why do we sleep where we want to hide? Why do I run back to you like I don't mind if you fuck up my life? Why am I a sucker for all your lies? Strung out like laundry on every line Why do I come back to you like I don't mind if you fuck up my life? Like I don't mind if you fuck up my life
