Look at women. You don't have that kind of knowledge. You understand? Look at that, look! Woo! Man, that is a fox. You can do no with others, you can do no with... Look at Joe! What is Joe doing? I thought I told him to go home. What is he doing with... Look at that, he's gonna pass him up! Pass him up! Watch this! Woo-hoo! Hey! You knock me off of my feet, now, baby! Woo! Hey! Go, girl! Woo! Woo! Go, girl! Woo! Hee! Hee-hee! Hee-hee! Hee! Heavy breathing, baby, with the high heels on You give me fever like I've never ever known You're just a product of loveliness I like the groove of your walk, your talk, your dress I feel your fever from miles around I'll pick you up in my car and we'll paint the town Just kiss me, baby, and tell me twice That you're the one for me The way you make me feel (The way you make me feel) You really turn me on (You really turn me on) You knock me off of my feet (You knock me off of my feet) My lonely days are gone (My lonely days are gone) I like the feeling you're giving me Just hold me, baby, and I'm in ecstasy Oh, I'll be working from nine to five To buy you things to keep you by my side I've never felt so in love before Just promise, baby, you'll love me forevermore I swear I'm keeping you satisfied 'Cause you're the one for me The way you make me feel (The way you make me feel) You really turn me on (You really turn me on) You knock me off of my feet (You knock me off of my feet) My lonely days are gone (My lonely days are gone) Go, girl! Go! Hee-hee! Woo! Go, girl! Woo! Woo! I've never felt so in love before Just promise, baby, you'll love me forevermore I swear I'm keeping you satisfied 'Cause you're the one for me The way you make me feel (The way you make me feel) You really turn me on (You really turn me on) You knock me off of my feet (You knock me off of my feet) My lonely days are gone (My lonely days are gone) The way you make me feel (The way you make me feel) You really turn me on (You really turn me on) You knock me off of my feet (You knock me off of my feet) My lonely days are gone (My lonely days are gone) Ain't nobody's business, ain't nobody's business Ain't nobody's business, ain't nobody's business Ain't nobody's business but mine and my baby Hee-hee! Woo! My lonely days are gone Give it to me, give me some time Come on, be my girl, I wanna make you mine Ain't nobody's business, ain't nobody's business but mine and my baby My lonely days are gone Woo! Yeah. Okay. How you doing, man? Fine, brother. Doing fine. Ho! Hee-hee! Woo! Ho! Pah! Pah! Hoo!
