Los Angeles! Give it up one more time for Akon! Lonely, I'm Mr. Lonely I have nobody for my own. I'm so lonely Yo, Akon. What's up, D? You coming or what, man? Nah, I got a lot on my mind, man. I'm gonna let y'all go ahead, man. All right. All right, come on. All right, let's do it. Lonely, I'm Mr. Lonely I have nobody for my own. I'm so lonely Yo. This one here goes out to all my players out there, man, you know? That got that one good girl, dog, that's always been there, man, like took all the bullshit. Then one day she couldn't take it no more and decided to leave. Yeah. I woke up in the middle of the night and I noticed my girl wasn't by my side. Could've sworn I was dreaming, for her I was fiending, so I had to take a little ride. Backtracking on these few years, trying to figure out what I did to make it go bad. 'Cause ever since my girl left me, my whole life came crashing and I'm so Lonely (so lonely) I'm Mr. Lonely (Mr. Lonely) I have nobody (I have nobody) for my own (for my own) I'm so lonely (so lonely) I'm Mr. Lonely (Mr. Lonely) I have nobody (I have nobody) for my own (for my own, girl) Can't believe I had a girl like you and I just let you walk right out of my life. After all I put you through, you still stuck around and stayed by my side. What really hurt me is I broke your heart, baby, you're a good girl and I had no right. I really wanna make things right 'cause without you in my life, girl, I'm so Lonely (so lonely) I'm Mr. Lonely (Mr. Lonely) I have nobody (I have nobody) for my own (for my own, girl) I'm so lonely (so lonely) I'm Mr. Lonely (Mr. Lonely) I have nobody (I have nobody) for my own (for my own, girl) Been all around the world, ain't never met a girl that could take the things that you've been through. Never thought the day would come where you would get up and run and I would be out chasing you. 'Cause ain't nowhere in the globe I'd rather be, ain't no one in the globe I'd rather see than the girl of my dreams that made me be so happy, but now so lonely. So lonely Mr. Lonely I have nobody for my own. So lonely Mr. Lonely I have nobody for my own, girl. Never thought that I'd be alone (be alone). I didn't think you'd be gone this long (gone this long). I just want you to call my phone. Stop playing, girl, and come on home. Baby girl, I didn't mean to shout. I want me and you to work it out. I never wished to ever hurt my baby, and it's driving me crazy 'cause I'm so Lonely (so lonely) I'm Mr. Lonely (Mr. Lonely) I have nobody (I have nobody) for my own (for my own, girl) I'm so lonely (so lonely) I'm Mr. Lonely (Mr. Lonely) I have nobody (I have nobody) for my own (for my own, girl) So lonely So lonely Mr. Lonely So lonely So lonely So lonely So lonely So lonely Mr. Lonely
