Take me down to the Paradise City Where the grass is green and the girls are pretty Oh, won't you please take me home?  Take me down to the Paradise City Where the grass is green and the girls are pretty Oh, won't you please take me home?  Just an urchin living under the street I'm a hard case that's tough to beat I'm your charity case, so give me something to eat I'll pay you at another time Take it to the end of the line  Rags to riches, or so they say You gotta keep pushing for the fortune and fame It's all a gamble when it's just a game Treat it like a capital crime Everybody's doing the time  Take me down to the Paradise City Where the grass is green and the girls are pretty Oh, won't you please take me home? Yeah, yeah Take me down to the Paradise City Where the grass is green and the girls are pretty Take me home  Strapped in the chair of the city's gas chamber Why I'm here I can't quite remember The surgeon general says it's hazardous to breathe I'd have another cigarette, but I can't see Tell me who you gonna believe?  Take me down to the Paradise City Where the grass is green and the girls are pretty Take me home, yeah, yeah Take me down to the Paradise City Where the grass is green and the girls are pretty Oh, won't you please take me home? Yeah!  So far away So far away So far away So far away  Captain America has been torn apart Now he's a court jester with a broken heart He said, "Turn me around and take me back to the start" I must be losing my mind, are you blind? I've seen it all a million times  Take me down to the Paradise City Where the grass is green and the girls are pretty Take me home, yeah, yeah Take me down to the Paradise City Where the grass is green and the girls are pretty Oh, won't you please take me home?  Take me down to the Paradise City Where the grass is green and the girls are pretty Take me home, yeah, yeah Take me down to the Paradise City Where the grass is green and the girls are pretty Oh, won't you please take me home?  I want to go, I want to know Oh, won't you please take me home? I want to see how it can be Oh, won't you please take me home?  Take me down to the Paradise City Where the grass is green and the girls are pretty Take me home Take me down to the Paradise City Where the grass is green and the girls are pretty Oh, won't you please take me home?  Take me down, beat me down Oh, won't you please take me home? I want to see how it's gonna be Oh, take me home  Take me down to the Paradise City Where the grass is green and the girls are pretty Oh, won't you please take me home?  I want to go, I want to know Oh, won't you please take me home? Yeah, baby
