Okay, here we go, I think we're all set for you. Okay, this is it. We're back. We're back. I told you we'd be back, right? Now, I know I know it's been a few years. I know it's been a few years, but Hollywood finally caught on. That's it. Your favorite group is in the movie business. What's going on in there? Music. What kind of music? Dancing, rock and roll. Huey. This is the place. I got to get in there. Keep an eye on my machine. Don't touch anything, I'll be right back. And I know it's a good song, and I mean, it's got to be a good movie, they even got jackets. Gonzo, show them the jacket. Check this out, for real. Here it is, the moment you've been waiting for, from the big smash hit movie, our latest single, The Power of Love. The power of love is a curious thing. Make a one man weep, make another man sing. Change a hawk to a little white dove. More than a feeling, that's the power of love. Tougher than diamonds, rich like cream. Stronger and harder than a bad girl's dream. Make a bad one good, make a wrong one right. Power of love'll keep you home at night. You don't need money. Don't take fame. Don't need no credit card to ride this train. It's strong and it's sudden and it's cruel sometimes, but it might just save your life. That's the power of love. That's the power of love. First time you feel it, it might make you sad. Next time you feel it, it might make you mad. But you'll be glad, baby, when you found that's the power makes the world go round. And it don't take money, don't take fame, don't need no credit card to ride this train. It's strong and it's sudden and it can be cruel sometimes, but it might just save your life. They say that all in love is fair. Yeah, but you don't care. But you know what to do when it gets hold of you and with a little help from above, you feel the power of love. You feel the power of love. Can you feel it? Mm-hmm. You don't take money, don't take fame, don't need no credit card to ride this train. Tougher than diamonds and stronger than steel. You won't feel nothing till you feel, you feel the power, just feel the power of love. That's the power, that's the power of love. You feel the power of love. You feel the power of love. Feel the power of love. Gee, Doc, what a great trip.
